This place is so familiar to you, and yet, you watch your feet and hands as if you have never seen them before. You look around. The meditation hall. The walking mediation, each following the footsteps of the one before. The daily routines that blend neatly from one to the next.

Honoring the spirits, protecting and interceding on behalf of humans or other.

When you take your next breath, it feels somehow too real. You breathe in deeply, feel it in the nose, the throat, the lungs, the diaphragm. You feel the breath stretch down through your body, in from your nose, and then slowly out through your mouth. You can almost feel the air come through your skin and your sweat and touch you in your bones and blood.

You are ready.

----

They come in barrels. They come in boxes. They sometimes come packed in tins, wrapped in bags, or whatever was to hand when it was discovered. You have wits about you now, and you realize that the temple brings in more than you would expect just for food and other items involved in maintaining the monastery and grounds. A disciple catches you during the day-end tea ceremony, while you listen to the last of the day's visitors file in through the gates with their loads. They will stay the night, and after this you will go to lay out linens for the guests of the monastery.

"What is on your mind, young one?" the disciple asks. The gentle scent of tea hangs in the air, crisping at the edges. 

> There are more items coming in than we need.

"Well noticed. They are new magi. A village spiritor does not always have the time or resources to ensure they come out calm, so many times if they find a magi forming, they will watch over it and when it is ready, bind its spiritual nature into some container and send it here. Then, we open it, and soothe the spirit and the beast inside, so that it grows calm. Eventually, they learn to speak, and to think, and act. When they wish, they leave this place and go back into the world."

> Is that like brainwashing?

"It is more like medicine. Magi used to be uncommon before the spirit world was tied through this one, and the traditional ways of forming one are a shock to the vitality and to the spirit. Without healing properly, the resulting magi is quick to anger, and to destroy. Humans cannot live peacefully with such magi as neighbors, as eventually a human will try to kill the magi or the magi will gain a taste for killing humans. So we do this, because it allows magi to live in the world peacefully."

> ...

You notice them around you more, as you go with the disciple to prepare the guesthouse for the evening. Their vacant faces, listless movement, insensate reactions to being handed food and tea. Their hands wove and dipped and their feet swayed; their breaths seemed less like a natural need and more of a perfunctory show. As if they were used to not breathing at all.

Pulling out the bedding from the closet, you feel the strength of your body. Under the weight of the heavy futons you can sense the strength of earth and solidity, bearing on. The new magi nearby does not pause to feel the tatami, the wood flooring, or the stone that makes up the guest building. They simply drift aimlessly to the extension of the acolytes' cells.

You follow the disciple and bring food to the acolytes, smell the warm food and taste the flavors of the vegetable stew and the rice. 

It is when you look into the mirror you wonder what you were expecting to see, as if you've never seen yourself before. 

> character creation

At night, you listen to the night watch sing with the evening birds, and feel exhaustion take you as nothing has before.

---

Today, you put on clothes. You can't shake the feeling that yesterday you did this because it was what was expected of you, and today you are doing this with intent.

> starter clothing selection

Two disciples sit near you at the morning meal. The one from yesterday, and a new one. 

